feat: Add schema resolver method to UDF specification (#3215)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/udf.rst

log for any null values being passed to a primitive type. The associated column in the output row
will be ``null``.

Dynamic return type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> UDFs support dynamic return types that are resolved at runtime. This is for example useful if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UDFs support dynamic return types that are resolved at runtime. This is useful if you
```

> want to implement a UDF whose argument and return type are ``BigDecimal`` and you want to define the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to implement a UDF that has an argument and return type of ``BigDecimal`` and you want to define the
```

Reviewer 2: @JimGalasyn  -  I think this suggestion loses some of the meaning of the doc. @vpapavas I think maybe we shoudl write "This is useful if you want to implement a UDF with a non-deterministic return type. A UDF which returns  \`\`BigDecimal\`\`, for example, may vary the precision and scale of the output based on the input schema.

scale/precision of the return type based on those of the arguments.

To use this functionality, you need to specify a method with signature
``public Schema method_name(final List<Schema> params)`` and annotate it with ``@SchemaProvider``.

> Moreover, you need to link it to the corresponding UDF by using the ``schemaProvider=method_name``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you need to link it to the corresponding UDF by using the ``schemaProvider=method_name``
```

> parameter of the ``@Udf`` annotation. Note: replace `method_name` with the actual name of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter of the ``@Udf`` annotation.
```

> method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
